Mention that we're now transitioning `outline-color` in upgrade guide (#2059)
tailwindlabs/tailwindcss.com: src/docs/upgrade-guide.mdx

Generally though we recommend treating hover functionality as an enhancement, and not depending on it for your site to work since touch devices don't truly have the ability to hover.

### Transitioning outline-color

> The `transition` and `transition-color` utilities will now include `outline-color` in their property lists. To fix issues with transitioning e.g. on focus, ensure that `outline-color` is applied unconditionally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `transition` and `transition-color` utilities now include the `outline-color` property.

This means if you were adding an outline with a custom color on focus, you will see the color transition from the default color. To avoid this, make sure you set the outline color unconditionally, or explicitly set it for both states:
```
